This driver is a landlord 41 day
The home of the stop station responsible for the one-man train continues only in the right direction
Red-Crowned Crane was followed by operation
Yutaka Takamura Yuu Face
Home good
Thank you very much
Prying eyes good form Yoshimi Kiyoshi
Express train
Rear Yusu
While driving at the temple station, the driver detected that a large number of passengers were likely to get off at the mirror.
I think I should handle the door as soon as I arrive at the station
Like being here Della's
Oh oh I'm drunk and I don't have time for travel
Trains arrive at the station significantly later than usual due to the effects of high and rain
Passengers come near the door as soon as possible to get off
Normally the driver has to check the home position, but it has been treated so quickly
Came
The right side of the one-man level would deal with switch
me
The general election is ow
Ah ah ah ah
The moment the door opens, the passenger who was leaning near the door on the right side falls on the track
My love was a home day
Expenses such as Shinoda
A driver who notices the fall of the passenger jumps on the track immediately
Four days
I'm sorry
From the opposite track the moment the driver gets off the track
Ah ah
By the emergency brake arrangement of the driver of the oncoming train
I was able to prevent a double accident with a short time